- Previously on Pure Genius...
- Welcome to Bunker Hill,
where we are changing the world
one patient at a time.
Julianna Wallace,
Executive Consumer Safety
Officer for the FDA.
I wish you'd mentioned
that the grim reaper
was coming here to ruin our GSS trial.
Don't call her the grim reaper.
I need more data from the animal models
for approval of a human trial.
The study wasn't approved.
- James.
- Not now, W.
Well, when you do have a minute...
Damn it.
So, how's the Malik sitch?
Malik's, uh, a good guy.
And, uh, I moved on, so...
You're gonna find someone
really special, James.
- Keep your heart open, okay?
- Okay.
I can't believe we over-snoozed.
Waze says 14 minutes.
We'll be fine.
Pretty sure that's my shirt.
Yes, it is. There you go.
- Is that my phone or yours?
- It's yours.
It's a text from James. Who's Angelica?
Angelica?
Oh. Angeleeca.
Who's Angeleeca?
It's this amazing breakfast taco place
we found when we pulled an all-nighter
on the obesity case. It's like insane.
You want me to have him pick
something up for you?
Nah. I'm okay.
You sure?
Homemade flour tortillas,
eggs, chorizo,
melted Monterey Jack cheese.
Are you really trying to seduce me
with taco talk right now?
Maybe. Is it working?
Mmm. Damn right... but
we got to go.
Any time I rub up against something
these painful blisters open up.
This morphine pump follows me
around everywhere I go,
like it's the family pet.
So you think there's a way
to keep it from spreading?
Do you think the ECP
treatment will work?
- We believe it will.
- How long does something
- like that take to work?
- You'll need to do a cycle
every four weeks, and we
anticipate that it'll be
at least four to six months
before we see any marked improvement.
But we will cure her.
Wow. This is...
We can't thank you enough.
I'm super grateful.
This is the best news
I could have hoped for.
But four to six months...
I guess that means no prom.
Honey.
Lydia's senior prom is this weekend.
She had to drop out of school
when she was diagnosed.
She misses her friends.
I'm so sorry.
I blew mine off.
We don't even have prom in India.
Okay, so we'll get started.
Dr. Brockett and I have
another patient to see to.
- We do?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, right. Angeleeca.
Mm. Really delicious.
That is really good.
Malik, we're needed in the ER.
Yes, sir.
Can I ask you a question?
Do you and James have
any private things,
just between the two of you?
Uh, just square dancing
every Friday night,
and our glee club.
No, we don't have any private things.
He and Zoe have this thing
with breakfast tacos.
Like their own special place.
I think it's more innocent
than that, Malik,
Yeah, I know.
I honestly have no idea
why it's bugging me.
You know what? It's not.
Get off me! I didn't do anything!
Officer, what's going on?
We need clearance to take
this man to the station.
Get out of here! Leave me alone!
A couple of businesses
called to complain
about a homeless drunk
wandering around the area
the last few days.
He was disturbing people,
he was agitated.
His breath reeks of whiskey.
I got to get out of here. Where am I?
You're in a hospital, Mister...
He doesn't know his name.
He doesn't have I.D.
He was sweating a lot.
His face was red, and, uh,
we decided just to bring him in
and get him checked out first.
You do a breathalyzer on him?
Didn't have to. You smell his breath.
- Blood alcohol zero.
- Seriously?
Blood-sugar level is high. 570.
That fruity smell on his breath,
it's not alcohol, it's ketones.
They're produced when there's not
enough insulin in your blood.
What is that?
It's a Thomas the Tank Engine tattoo.
I used to read those books to Luke.
I-I think this guy's got kids.
Officer, you need to uncuff him.
He's not drunk, and I doubt
he's homeless... he's sick.
- He needs to be admitted.
- We're gonna take care of you.
- Okay?
- If there's anyone in the area
looking for a missing person
matching his description,
send them to Bunker Hill.
Sir?
Tell me your name, sir.
Afternoon, Nina. Louis.
Up for a game of chess?
I'm feeling lucky.
I think Louis
maybe just needs to rest today.
Uh...
I knew he was getting worse,
but how long has he been like this?
His symptoms progressed
rapidly overnight.
The dysarthria is making it
difficult for him to speak.
He's having difficulty
eating and swallowing.
Soon, he may need
a nasal gastric feeding tube.
He doesn't have much longer, James.
Okay.
W.
I need your advice.
Yes, James?
Louis Keating isn't doing well.
Yes, I heard.
- I'm so sorry.
- And I've...
Mm-hmm. I've looked
into every possible solution,
and the only recourse, the only thing
that could possibly
save him is the PAI-120B
We're not approved to use that.
The FDA ruled against it.
My wife personally handled the decision.
Is there any way
that you could talk to her?
Just ask her one more time, please?
W... he's not gonna make it.
James, I know how hard this is,
how personal it is for you.
I will ask,
but I'm certain they won't
reverse their decision.
But you'll ask?
I'll ask.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
- What are you doing?
- Try to calm down, sir.
We're just giving you some more saline.
- Get me out of here.
- I'm sorry I had to restrain you,
but you kept pulling out your IV.
You'll feel better soon.
Something's not right.
His blood-sugar levels are coming down,
and his heart rate and blood
pressure are normalizing.
His confusion should have
cleared up by now.
Yeah.
Dr. Wallace, the police
directed his family here.
Nathan!
Oh, my God.
Daddy?
You know this man? Yeah.
He's my husband.
Hey, Nathan.
We're here.
Who are you?
Earlier this week,
he was totally normal.
Then two day's ago,
Bobby's preschool called me.
Nathan never showed to pick him up,
and he wasn't answering his phone.
I was on a business trip in Arizona,
and I flew back right away.
What's happening to him?
We believe his diabetes
got out of control,
and he couldn't adjust his blood sugar,
which made him confused and combative.
I don't understand.
What do you mean, “diabetes”?
Nathan's not diabetic.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Has he taken any new medications?
No, nothing. He's been healthy.
How could this happen,
just out of nowhere...?
What's wrong with Daddy's eye?
Dr. Wallace.
Nathan?
Nathan, can you look
straight ahead at me, please?
- Get me out of here!
- What's going on?
The muscle responsible for
his eye movement is paralyzed.
His oxygen saturation level is dropping.
His diaphragm's weakening.
- Paralysis is spreading.
- Doctor?
Daddy?
I need a BiPAP machine
in here right now!
- Yes, Doctor.
- Okay, we're gonna have
to ask you to leave. Please. He's okay.
He's in good hands, trust me.
Don't sweat it, Lydia.
I'll take tons of pictures and
I'll come visit you on Monday.
We'll have a Nick Cage marathon.
I thought the point was
to make me feel better?
Oh...
Uh, hey, I got to run.
Doc's here.
Okay. See ya.
Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt.
Okay, you're all done with the infusion.
We'll just have to
monitor you overnight.
Was that your boyfriend?
No.
Pete's just a friend.
He asked me to go to the
prom a few months ago,
before my EB came on.
I called to tell him that I'm
not going to be able to make it.
Well, I'm sure he understands.
He's your friend, right?
Yep.
But you want him to be more than that?
Pretty sure that's not gonna happen.
Why do you say that?
Well, he's never really
seen me in that way.
Pete could have asked anyone to prom.
But he chose you.
Don't give up on him.
He'll probably ask somebody else now.
I just had this image in my head
of strutting into prom
wearing my kick-ass dress.
My hair and makeup on point and...
...and Pete would see me
in this whole new light.
It's so stupid.
I don't think that's stupid at all.
Nathan's MRI shows white spots
in the areas of the brain
that control eye movement
and respiration.
This inflammation is
causing his paralysis.
What is the commonality here?
What would explain
the eye deviation,
confusion and high blood sugar?
His spinal fluid did show
the presence of lymphocytes.
So we know his immune system's
reacting to something.
Bacterial cultures on
the spinal fluid were negative.
Yeah, but the lymphocytes are more
indicative of a viral infection.
Well, I ran a virus panel
on all the usual suspects,
but so far, nothing's shown up.
So if it is a viral infection,
we don't know what's causing it.
The fact that it's affecting
multiple organ systems
concerns me.
This could get worse very quickly.
Maybe we go back to basics.
When I was a programmer
and I had a virus
in one of my codes, I'd go line
by line to try to pinpoint the problem.
What if we do that with Nathan?
Study each strand of DNA piece by piece.
You're talking about
sequencing the human genome.
That can only be done at the CDC.
Not anymore. We have a DNA
sequencing machine right here.
We can do all this in-house.
Certain types of viruses
can integrate themselves
- into our DNA.
- Once you locate
the problematic strand,
the one that doesn't belong,
you can identify what's making him sick.
But isn't that like looking
for a needle in a haystack?
Doesn't it take an entire day
for current
DNA sequencing machines
to run their algorithm?
We've been developing new algorithms
that should cut the time in half.
Maybe.
Hey, it's worth a shot.
Right now,
it's the best option we've got.
- Broccoli?
- More specifically,
sulforaphane.
It's a naturally occurring
compound found in broccoli.
It's shown great promise in
studies on lab mice to quickly
heal blisters and improve
the integrity of the skin.
This process allows us
to take broccoli and extract
sulforaphane from it through solid-phase
extraction distillation.
Like taking vitamin C out of an orange.
We already have a good plan for Lydia.
Yes, but that plan
won't get her to prom.
How about we use virtual reality?
I can get her in the gym using VR.
Such a male idea of prom.
You cannot virtually go to prom.
- Mm-hmm.
- You have to physically be there.
School dances are evil events
that make 99% of the students miserable
so that the one percent
can have a magical night.
Guessing you didn't have a
good senior prom.
Fantastic. Stayed home, ordered pizza,
and watched Star Wars.
I think that we need
to let go of this prom idea.
This broccoli test, it worked in mice.
But humans have a larger surface area.
Sulforaphane would need
to be applied regularly
over Lydia's entire body,
a-almost like a spray.
Which is why we liquefied it.
Voilà, purified sulforaphane.
It also took four days to
see results in that study.
Well, we can modify our
hyperbaric oxygen chamber
and speed up the healing process.
Yeah, like a horizontal spray tan booth.
Exactly.
Inside the chamber,
elevated air pressure
and high oxygen concentration
would stimulate
the body's release of
growth factors and stem cells.
She would need to be in there
for at least eight hours,
and it would only treat the
superficial layer of her skin.
Guys, there will be other dances.
No, actually, there won't.
There's only one senior prom.
Ooh.
Uh...
let's give it a shot.
Fantastic! Angie, let's get to work.
- Thank you, James.
- Yeah.
Louis?
Uh...
No, no.
- Was Louis Keating brought down here?
- Uh,
- no, I'm-I'm sorry, Mr. Bell.
- Okay, thank you.
I need you to pull up Louis Keating's
location using his tracking bracelet.
He's in Golden Gate Park.
Remember, this is just a stopgap measure
to get you to prom. This is not a cure.
Our long-term plan for
a cure is to continue
with the ECP treatments,
which will heal the deeper
layers of your skin.
If this works, I'll never complain
about eating my vegetables again.
Okay, if you need to get
our attention for any reason,
just press this button, and
it will alert us right away.
See you in eight hours.
All set, Doctor.
All right, process initiated.
I feel good about this.
I can't believe James thought
VR would be a good alternative.
See, this is why he needs
a woman in his life.
Actually, I think he may soon have one.
You know something.
Spill it.
Okay, my sources tell me
James has the hots
for the new nurse, Nina.
Nina. Wow.
That's excellent news.
That is...
that is really excellent.
I mean, she's, she's hot.
And I told him to move on,
so, so good for him.
That is really excellent.
Said that already.
I... Well, it is.
Yeah.
Nina!
What are you doing here?
Hi, James.
Our new friends Hector and Caleb
are just about to start a new game.
I thought, when he wasn't in his room...
You can't just...
remove a patient from the
hospital without permission.
Come on.
I put in a request,
and I should've waited
for approval. I apologize.
But look at him.
He's at peace here.
I could fire you for this.
You know that?
Are you, are you going to?
Still mulling it over.
I wish there was more we could do, too.
Louis told me about the new
drug you're developing for GSS.
The PAI-120B.
The FDA didn't approve it.
Said it wasn't ready yet.
How long will it take for the
FDA to think it'll be ready?
Six to 12 months.
Well, he doesn't have
anywhere near that long.
I know.
W-We're going back to the FDA to see
if they'll reverse their decision,
but I'm not...
I'm not gonna go against them.
It's too dangerous. I can't...
I can't risk the hospital,
all of the patients. It's not...
- Eh...
- Mm-hmm.
You know, it's funny.
Here you are, this billionaire.
Started your own hospital so you
could do something different.
But even someone like you
can't get around the system,
even if it's the only way
to save someone's life.
It's not... that simple, Nina.
Isn't it?
This is the sequence of
nucleotide base pairs
from Nathan's DNA sample.
I compared his full genome
sequence to a database
of all the known genes
and DNA base pair sequences.
There was one sequence
that remains unidentified.
An anomalous strand of DNA.
That's our virus.
Most likely.
What kind of variant is it?
That's the problem.
It doesn't exist
in any of our databases.
Are you saying it's
never been seen before?
It may be the DNA of a virus
we've never seen.
But whatever it is,
it's not human.
You ready?
Oh, my God.
I think I forgot what my
actual skin looked like.
Hmm. Yeah,
the epidermis is smoothing out.
And the color looks good.
We still need to monitor
your progress over the next 24 hours,
give your skin a little
more time to heal,
but this is very promising.
We will be back later to check on you.
But be cautious. Your deeper
layers are still fragile.
You're saying some
kind of animal did this to him?
Many viral infections originate
in an animal
before crossing over into humans.
It's important that we know
exactly what the animal was
in order to know how to treat Nathan.
The BiPAP machine
is helping Nathan breathe,
but his diaphragm is steadily weakening.
We're going to need to intubate.
You mean put him on life support.
We're just stabilizing him
while we look for a cure.
And what if you can't find one?
Does that mean he may never wake up?
It's possible.
You should see the way Bobby
holds Nathan's hand so tight
when we cross the street.
Or when he's scared.
Nathan's the hand-holder in this family.
It's all Nathan.
He takes care of Bobby.
I work.
I don't know if I could
do this on my own.
We're going to do everything we
can so that you don't have to.
What am I supposed to tell Bobby
if he isn't able to ever say
good-bye to his father?
There is a way we can get Nathan
coherent before we intubate.
Dr. Wallace...
If we administer steroids,
it could temporarily reduce the swelling
around his brain and his eye nerve.
But we'd also run the risk
that the steroids could cause
his blood sugar levels to rise again.
I know this is what Nathan would want.
He'd risk anything to be able
to talk to Bobby right now.
I know. Of course. I understand.
The steroids may also weaken
his immune system...
We'll be monitoring him closely.
We can do this.
Dr. Wallace, that is too much
of a risk to that patient.
Right now we don't have
a path to saving Nathan.
He's a father.
It's possible the best we can do
for him is give him a chance
to say good-bye to his family.
You need any help in there?
Be careful.
I got this.
Ready?
You look absolutely perfect.
- I kind of do, don't I?
- Yeah.
Lydia? What's wrong?
Help her, please. I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have tried to hug her.
I just got carried away.
What happened?
The sulforaphane only treated
the outer layer of her skin.
Her deeper layers can't
withstand any sudden movement
or friction.
Topical anesthetic, please.
This spray is a numbing agent
to help with the pain.
I heard what happened to Lydia.
How is she doing?
Look, I get that this is
hard for you to understand,
but a girl only gets one senior prom,
and she's not gonna be able to go.
I know I said the prom is evil,
which is true.
It's not the whole story.
There was this girl, Aubrey Diaz,
and I obsessed for weeks
over how to ask her,
so I made a video
of me outlining 16 reasons
why Aubrey Diaz should go
to prom with me.
Wow.
- That's impressive!
- Mm.
Yeah, would have been, if she
hadn't accepted the invitation
of someone else a few days earlier.
Apparently, I was the last to know.
And, you know, the hardest part
of the whole thing...
was that I just... missed my window.
With her.
So...
tell me about prom.
What am I missing?
Why is it so important?
Okay.
So, uh, got really
angry after my mom died.
Sort of shut down in high school.
Go to class, come home, and I hid.
More and more,
I just kind of disappeared.
I definitely was not going to prom.
But then... this guy asked me.
Let's just say
he was not the captain
of the football team.
But he was kind and really sweet.
- Mm.
- We had a great time.
And... for the first
time since my mom died,
I smiled.
You know?
Felt like I woke up out
of a really long sleep.
When I look at Lydia, I...
can kind of see her going down
the same road that I went down,
and I don't want to see that.
I don't want that for her.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Nathan?
Nathan, my name is Dr. Wallace.
Can you hear me?
Yes, I can...
Am I in a hospital?
I'm sorry to say
you've contracted a virus.
We're having trouble
identifying what it is.
So you don't know what's making me sick?
Not yet. While we search for a cure,
I'm going to need to intubate
you to keep you breathing.
I know you're scared, Nathan.
This is the hardest thing in the world.
But the best thing for you
to do right now
is to be strong for your son.
You ready?
Hey, Bobby.
All right, Bobby,
be gentle on your dad, okay?
I'm sorry, Daddy. Are you okay?
I'm so okay.
Hey, kiddo,
this must be pretty scary, huh?
A little.
Listen to me, okay?
This is all gonna be okay,
and the three of us... this will
all go back to normal, okay?
- You promise?
- I promise.
Now come here, give Daddy a hug.
A gentle hug.
I love you so much.
I love you, too.
Now let your dads talk
for a minute, okay?
Okay.
Come on, buddy.
Come on, Bobby.
I got something to show you.
I can't believe this is happening.
- Listen to me, Seth.
- Yeah.
I know I'm gonna pull
through this, but just in case,
you got to promise me some things, okay?
- Okay. Anything.
- Read to Bobby
every night and do the voices.
I know you feel silly, but
he loves it. I want him
to grow up in a home
where it's okay to be silly.
Okay, I can do that.
And you need to be the
dad I know you can be.
And finish the swing set
I was working on in the shed.
I cut all that wood myself.
Don't you dare go to Wal-Mart
and buy one of those
plastic monstrosities.
Malik, I think I might know
what happened to Nathan.
- What is it?
- It's a long shot, but it's a chance.
Let's go find Scott.
We need a search party.
We're up against the clock here.
Nathan's been working
in his shed on a swing set
the past few weeks.
Could've come in contact with a bug
that may have infected him.
Maybe a beetle, carpenter ant.
Sheds are dark and damp.
It's a perfect breeding ground.
Okay.
Let's turn this place upside down.
Brockett.
I think I found a way
to get Lydia to the prom.
This is bionic e-skin.
It's being developed
by a company in China
to protect the feet of diabetics
with peripheral neuropathy,
but we have modified it
to cover your entire body.
Serves as a protective barrier
between your skin and any
contact that can cause wounds.
The e-skin will also
transmit touch sensation
to the nerve in the deeper
layers of your skin.
Layered on the damaged
areas of your skin,
almost like a wet suit.
And we'll be there with you at prom,
make sure everything goes
according to plan.
And she'll be able to walk?
The blisters in the soles of her feet
are the most painful.
It should also protect her feet.
Let's try it out.
Okay.
Uh...
Mm.
So, I'll have to hold off
on flashing my dance moves for awhile,
but I still get to go to the prom.
Thank you.
This is awesome.
So, did you ask her about it?
And what am I supposed to say?
“I was spying on you
and James having an intimate moment”?
Nah.
I'm not some jealous dude.
But you were spying on her.
No, I wasn't spying on her.
I came across the situation,
and that, together
with the taco situation,
I mean, come on.
Wouldn't you at least
be a little concerned?
Ah, it's a lot to think about.
Probably why I became a priest.
Gentlemen.
I found something.
What is it?
A tick.
Mm, it looks like there
might be a small colony of them
living in this pile.
But we already checked
Nathan for Lyme disease.
Well, the tick may be
carrying another disease,
one we haven't seen before in humans.
Just like swine flu.
It's carried by pigs
and then jumped species.
Well, we need to take it back to the lab
to see if it carries
the same disease Nathan has.
If it does, could be
the answer to our cure.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Uh... making sure
Lydia can dance at her senior prom.
Blue LED lights stimulate
the body's natural production
of nitric oxide,
which improves circulation and
reduces pain.
I just got to figure out a way
to fit the soles of these
slippers with these LED lights.
What's Cinderella without
her slippers, right?
So, I...
heard you might be interested in Nina...
new nurse on the third floor.
“Interested”?
Uh, I don't know.
I think it's great.
I think you should ask her out.
I don't know about that.
Aubrey Diaz doesn't know
what she missed out on.
Zoe.
Ready to head out?
Yeah, you know what, um...
I think I should probably stay here
and start cutting the e-skin.
You can get some sleep.
You can do that in the morning.
Sure?
Yeah.
Okay.
Good night, James.
Night.
So, who's Aubrey Diaz?
Oh, it's just this story James told me.
I probably shouldn't...
Right. No, no. Got it.
I guess I just didn't realize
you guys had that kind of relationship.
All these secret things.
- Malik. Come on.
- Look. I'm sorry
I got to ask this, but
something feels off here, Zoe.
Did anything ever go on
between you and James?
No.
Never. We're just friends. That's it.
I heard back from Julianna.
She took it to the top level,
but I'm sorry, James.
They're not gonna reverse
their decision.
Oh.
I'm so sorry, James.
We'll keep him as comfortable as we can.
Thank you, W.
How is Nathan doing?
He's been intubated.
And we confirmed the tick's carrying
the same virus that infected him.
It's a brand new neurosclerotic disease.
I alerted the CDC.
They're issuing a warning.
How long did it take
the disease to kill the tick?
The tick is still alive,
which means its developed antibodies
to keep the virus at bay.
So we can harvest the tick's plasma,
which contains its natural
immunities to the virus,
and inject it into Nathan.
That's great news.
It's never been tried in humans before.
And it is a foreign substance;
Nathan's body
could reject it
completely, or even worse,
it could cause his system
to go into a state of shock.
What does the FDA say?
Well, under their own guidelines,
we don't need to seek approval
in an emergency situation.
We have hours here.
Not days.
Good. I'd rather ask for forgiveness
than seek permission.
Treatment is a risky move.
I'm not entirely comfortable with it.
Do you regret the decision
you made back in Ohio?
Giving the boy with leukemia
the unapproved drug?
My gut told me
I had to do anything I could
to keep that boy alive.
No matter what.
What is your gut telling you now?
That I need a sandwich
before I go injecting tick plasma
into a human being
for the first time ever.
They can't just be functional.
They got to be elegant.
And cool.
What do you think?
I think that you just added
cobbler to your resume, James.
All right.
One last step,
and it's off to the ball.
“At the foot of the mountain,
Henry slowed to a crawl.
“These mountains are much too high”"
“he moaned.
“I can't go. I'm afraid of heights.”
“Don't be silly”"
said Thomas, bravely...
Hey.
- Going home?
- Yep.
About that time.
What's that?
Oh, I made some slippers.
Really cool but elegant ones.
Nina.
Do you want to go to prom with me?
I guess I made it to prom.
I had to strong-arm a junior
for the last of the fruit punch.
Whoa.
Nina, you know Dr. Zoe Brockett.
Hi, yeah,
We've passed in the halls.
That's right. Nice to
officially meet you, at prom.
Mm-hmm.
Oh! Here she comes.
Nice job on that dress.
Thank you.
I can't believe you made it here.
E-skin.
Long story, but I'm here, right?
Those shoes.
Are they too weird?
They're awesome.
You're awesome.
Come on, Petey Boy, ask her.
Well. Do you want to dance?
Oh, I'm not sure your date
would like that very much.
I came alone.
Follow my finger with your eyes, please.
Yeah.
Looking good.
Your oxygen level's back to normal,
and your fever's coming down.
I'm gonna be okay?
You'll need periodic
antibody infusions for a few weeks,
and physical therapy.
But you're breathing on your own,
and your cognitive function is normal.
So, yeah.
You're gonna be okay.
I don't know how to thank you.
You saved my life.
You saved my family.
Well, let's get them in here
so you can celebrate.
Daddy!
Hey, kiddo.
Hey, get in there.
Hey, you.
You scared the hell out of me, Nathan.
What you did for that girl was amazing.
Why should they get to have all the fun?
So...
I've been thinking
about that experimental GSS drug.
Yeah?
What the FDA doesn't know
can't hurt them.
Can't hurt me.
Do you trust me, Louis?
I'm lucky to get through
a shift without a disaster.
My bargain detergent couldn't keep up.
that I'm asking for. ♪
So, I switched to Tide PODs.
They're super concentrated,
so I get a better clean.
Tide. Number one rated.
It's got to be Tide
Ordinary tissues left
Dakota's nose sore and red.
So Dad slayed the problem
with Puffs Plus Lotion, instead.
With lotion to soothe
And softness to please.
A nose in need deserves Puffs, indeed.
Delicious, freshly brewed
coffee comes at a price...
it's one dollar.
Go to McDonald's and get $1
any size coffee or $2
small specialty beverage.
And, every 6th McCafé beverage
is FREE with our app.
Wake up and win the day.
Constipated?
Trust number one Doctor
Recommended Dulcolax
Use Dulcolax tablets for gentle
overnight relief
Suppositories for relief in minutes
And Stool Softeners
for comfortable relief
of hard stools.
Dulcolax, designed for dependable relief